[Emotion] Convert `EuiBottomBar` to Emotion (#5823)
elastic/eui: wiki/writing-styles-with-emotion.md

  `,
});
```
## Creating `colorMode` specific components

> When creating components that rely on a specific `colorMode` from `<EuiThemeProvider>`, use this pattern to create a wrapper that will pass the entire component `<EuiThemeProvider>` details. 
> _{component} is an internal component that contains the desired functionality and styles. {component} is the exportable component that wraps _{component} inside of `<EuiThemeProvider>`.
> 
> ```tsx
> const _{component} = ({ componentProps }) => {
>   return <Component />;
> }
> 
> export const {components} = ({ componentProps }) => {
>     const {componentInternal} = _{component};
>     return (
>       <EuiThemeProvider colorMode={ colorMode }>
>         <componentInternal ref={ref} {...props} />
>       </EuiThemeProvider>
>     );
>   }
> );

Reviewer: 🙏 Thank you! Quick feedback on this doc section. We'll be having some folks help us in the conversions that aren't as familiar with React as we are and tend to just copy/paste (as I do as well). All our other examples in this page create a fake component name to be replace instead of this `{componet}` syntax. I would tend to look at this and think that I'm supposed to keep the braces but just change the internal name which would be incorrect. 

My suggestion (to match the rest of the examples too):

```suggestion
When creating components that rely on a specific `colorMode` from `<EuiThemeProvider>`, use this pattern to create a wrapper that will pass the entire component `<EuiThemeProvider>` details. 

- `_EuiComponentName` is an internal component that contains the desired functionality and styles.
- `EuiComponentName` is the exportable component that wraps `_EuiComponentName` inside of `<EuiThemeProvider>`.

```tsx
const _EuiComponentName = ({ componentProps }) => {
  return <div />;
}

export const EuiComponentName = ({ componentProps }) => {
    const Component = _EuiComponentName;
    return (
      <EuiThemeProvider colorMode={ colorMode }>
        <Component {...componentProps} />
      </EuiThemeProvider>
    );
  }
);
```

```

> ### [Refer to <EuiBottomBar> to see an example of this pattern in practice](../src/components/bottom_bar/bottom_bar.tsx)

Reviewer: Markdown will try to render EuiButtomBar as an html element 😬 

```suggestion
**[Refer to EuiBottomBar to see an example of this pattern in practice and as an example of using `forwardRef`](../src/components/bottom_bar/bottom_bar.tsx)**
```
